What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	
	A .git file is created which contains all the "snapshots" of commits

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	staging area creates temporary files which can be added as a commit. If we
	have make changes to different files but want to commit them seperately, 
	staging area comes into play.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	staging area holds the cached file i.e. the file having the changes. We can
	compare the files in staging area with the files in last commit to verify
	that the new commit is for one logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	Branches help to add new feature into program without altering the previous
	version. We can split the main version into a new branch, experiment on the
	version and finally merge that into the master if it works.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	They form a pictorial view of what exactly is happening at the higher level.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	When two branches get merged, all the cool features of both the branches
	gets into one place without any bug. We represent it in the diagram so as
	to keep in mind that at this particular position, we are accumulating all
	our code into one place.

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

	Git's automatic merging is very useful tool. This saves a lot of time and
	effort.


Commands:

git add  |    Add a file to the staging area
git commit  |    Commit the files from the staging area to the repository 
git status  |    Show which files are in the staging area, and which files from the working directory are not part of the repository    
git diff  |    Git diff without arguments is comparing the working directory with the staging area
git diff --staged  |    Compare the staging area with the repository
git reset --hard  |    Undo all changes! There is no rollback for this, so be carefull!
git checkout master  |    Restore the "Head" to the latest check-in (this will be part of a later lesson/module)
git log --graph --oneline <branch1> <branch2>  |    Show a visual representation of the commit history within different branches
git checkout -b new_branch_name  |    Creates a new branch and do a checkout on this branch in one call instead of git branch new_branch_name and git 
									  checkout new_branch_name
git merge branch1 branch2  |    Merge two branches, branch2 get merged into branch1
git branch -d name  |    Remove the branch with the specified name
git show commitId  |    Show the changes made in this commit compared to the previous version. This is working even after merging.